So as far as we have covered everything about with our download manager, plus the progress and the
download stable model data us now the last class which is going to like compile up everything is download
not the Java, which is going to create a class called download and inside this download class.
We are going to like initialize all the objects which are going to required like suppose whether it
be the size of the download buffer, whether it be the status names like downloading paused company,
canceled order.
So we are going to like initialize all the statuses, size and everything which are going to be required
inside the Soyuz.
This is the packages required to be imported inside this download class.
We are going to extend this download class to observable.
And this is going to be implemented on was inside this, I suppose whenever like table is concerned
specific columnist concern, then status is going to display where there are downloading files, complete,
cancelled or errors.
So this is statuses is an area here and containing has five elements and the maximum buffer size for
the specific download is one zero two four.
After this, it will be like converted it.
Suppose that we are showing the size as the one for me.
So once the larger size is completing one zero, forgive me, we are showing the size and maybe not
the site size.
Thus we didn't give me the size it is in me.
So suppose one zero two four am be discovered, then automatically the size is going to be increased
by one.
So if it was for me, then it is going to be converted to five in and it is displayed as a full float.
Now it is one of the objects which are required inside, this is you are this size downloaded.
So all the members of the yes, we have declared this area, so all the member of the added I declared
as I read global variables inside this download, plus an added comment or to like signify what action
in this declaration is about.
We are declared everything globally in order for use later in this class.
Now the next part we are going to see is our constructor for the download.
So we have created this download constructor.
This is you would use to access, though you are.
Then you are declared you are still here.
So firstly, we are accessing that.
You are then decreasing the size by us.
Like we have said, the size initially minus one.
So once that you are, all is added, the index is starting from zero.
So we have said the size of minus one in the beginning, after which we have said there downloaded two
zero in the beginning as there are zero downloaded files in the beginning.
The status is said to downloading by default.
Otherwise, if any kind of changes updates occurred, then this status will be updated to weather and
then initially only downloading is going to be displayed if the successful download it has started.
So inside this download class, we have like declared everything the construct.
It is complete now to the begging the download.
We have got this download function.
So yes, this is like this.
And now the next part is to get everything declared here.
We have to get all the variables as we have to like, declare it as private.
So in order to access this in other classes of like the download manager, there are the download table
one that if wishes to access the these objects of this download class, then we have to use get the
method in Java in order to make these things accessible.
So yes, we will be setting get a method for there you are.
Then the size, the speed, the average speed and all of the columns here.
OK, so we have called all function for getting all the column names like you are no size speed, average
speed, elapsed time, remaining time, and with the help of this, we will be able to access all of
them as like accessible variable on this global variable is set to private.
So with the help of this get method, we will be able to access all of them in any of the other classes
except of this download class now so that we have used to get the method to access all of them.
Now our next concern is to all, like said at that time, how the format of time is going to be displayed.
We have to time column names, the remaining time and elapsed time, and we are going to set our format
in the form of a string, basically so that for time format is going to be displayed in the form of
string.
So we are using like access, specify it.
We have like integers, so we are converting that integer.
So string or two we can call it long.
Also, long is a large or general friend integer.
Nothing is.
So there are times showing in hours, minutes and seconds.
So we are multiplying the hours by three three six zero zero, the minute by 60 and simply in like putting
the seconds directly.
So this is for formatting the time for both that remaining time and the elapsed time.
Now after this, to get their download for of this, we are multiplying the size by 100.
Like, suppose the total size is suppose for 500 and we have downloaded hundreds.
So we are going to like put up things like 200 divided by 500 in two hundred.
So it is going to be OK.
So it is going to be one by five and one by five if converted in the form of a decimal, then if these
20 percent so 20 percent progress bar will display.
Everything is like solid mathematically, how the person will be displayed, how their time will be
displayed.
So yes, everything is written in a scalpel to the man.
Now for this like changing the status, like for me, canceling a prestigious download, the artist
setting specified functions for Paul.
What happens if we click on the poll?
Then the previous elapsed time will make it to the elapsed time.
Like, everything should be free.
They left, I'm sure the 1980s and the status, which is already set to download in the beginning,
is to be set as Paul and the state change function is called.
Similarly, for the resume, the status is again, if I suppose, then it will be ActionScript or downloading.
If they cancel any download, then previous elapsed time will be again equal to the last time.
There will be no increase in the last lifetime again, and the rest of the things will be maintained
and the status will be just updated from downloading to cancelled.
OK, so what happens if?
The previous elapsed time is.
Yes, so if that is an error, so the previous elapsed time is going to change the previous elapsed
time and the status will be displaying error.
And again, the searching function is going to still change.
Function is going to be called start or resuming the download again.
Suppose if the download is pushed and we have to again resume so that resume zoom function is going
to like create a pen.
A trend is a group of processes taking place.
So suppose our process has completed two 20 percent.
Then once we will resume it, it will again start from 21 percent and it is going to be like nothing
will be broken.
The download will again start from the previous date.
It will simply like download from the way it was paused.
Now, after the like every check-in, we have the mother download anything we have talked about resuming
the download.
Now what about the one?
So there you are apart is going to be displayed in the form of ice cream.
And how to check that validation, suppose that there is some, like invalid, invalid.
If they are and are inside the urinal, then are you you aka a neural connection box is going to throw
an exception.
Suppose that downloads started and there is some error.
Then the cache block will be executed.
Otherwise, this trial will be like checking that if the connection is checked properly, the bytes
are correct.
Everything is done.
The download manager is connected to the server.
From there, the download is to taking place and make sure making sure that the connection is made in
the range of 200.
So this is basically the network bandwidth.
We have to make the connections successfully in order to make their download take place correctly and
the content should be less than one, then it should throw another.
So we should at least contain One UI in order to start the downloading process.
So yes, this is about the validation of the yuan and five after this.
Now, after this, we have to like change the size accordingly.
The progress is made.
Suppose that the hundred 20 percent off the download is complete, then the size should change accordingly.
That this size is like we have to multiply the progress.
According to that, in the order of streaming, I need download.
We are connecting things to like making connections between the server and the download manager window.
Then we have to make light streaming thing.
We have to make like check that whether the size do not increase the maximum buffer size, that is a
buffer size.
These all are like the computer network pings.
If you have studied computing networks, you must have been hard about these.
Don't let how are downloading buffering like everything goes hand-in-hand in networking.
We have a time for every bit, every bite.
There are transgenic transmissions from the server to our system, so that is going to be updated in
that manner.
Buffering is taking place, so the download will be made in that supports 20 percent is complete.
Then the download manager will send a message to the server that we are completed 20 percent.
Now, if you hit the pause button by selecting that specific role, then the download manager should
send a message to the server that stops sending the file.
The user has paused, so once the event will resume that I will inform the server, then only you can
start sending me bytes and streaming sure, like Zoom from that time.
After this, we are going to like check the status.
So that status is also going to updated.
And similarly, we are changing the pausing and resuming ping.
We have to like notify the server also not currently we are downloading.
We are complete.
Then we have to change the dust DBS.
So after this, once the downloading is complete, then we have to cut the connection from the server.
Yes, we are done with the downloads, but now we are nothing to do with the this.
No connection is stopped and the download is like downloaded to your system.
You can check it whether it is downloaded inside your next stop or whether whatever the location is.
So yes, this is all about this.
Now we will try to not know whether everything is working correctly or not.
So for this, we have to connect donors first and then check the downloading part.
OK, so let's try turning this on download manager, not our class, to check that everything is working
fine or not.
So hitting on this run button?
The Newman novel Open.
Yes, it is working perfectly fine.
We have our free panels inside the frame.
Now let us try pasting a link.
This is BP control.
You are controlling.
So the link validation will work fine.
Now hitting on yes, so that you are at least showing in the string and the size the progress.
And once the progress is completed, the status is updated to complete.
Now also check that whether the play pause button is working or not.
So selecting a specific little pausing this rule and then our yes button highlight is also working fine.
Now resuming the download, now pausing again.
Let's try to cancel this and that status is updated to cancel.
After this, I'm planning that all sizes decreased by one.
So, yes, everything is working perfectly fine.
Below we have covered everything in this download manager.
Yes.
So all the classes are doing a special function containing a special functionality, and everything
is like working in a proper way.
So I hope that you have gained more concepts about Java after the completion of this project.
Now that I am making this project on your own and practice all the concepts we have discussed in this
tutorial, and I hope after like completing the project on your own, you will be experienced.
Java project broke down this idea, and so I am wishing you all the best for making and practicing this
project and thanking you all for joining this session.